Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse. This is your
weekly edition of NFA Live. So, here we
are
Thursday morning at least in the United
States and as always we are joined by
Guy from CoinBureau. How's it going?
>> Good thanks Ben. How are you?
>> Pretty good and we have Rob from the
Digital Asset News. How's it going Rob?
>> It's doing pretty good. I'm glad to see
you guys.
>> Good to see you guys as well.
Well, I mean we'll we'll talk about
Bitcoin a little bit not that there's
much to talk about
why don't we just start with Bitcoin
very very quickly and I'll start with
Guy and
I mean
is is the market is the crypto market
just dead for the rest of the year
would there be a reason to expect it to
uh
come back for
come back from the dead for like the
hundredth time but maybe to do it what
do you think's going to happen here with
with crypto like are we just in a
waiting game right now?
>> Yeah, I think we are in in a waiting
game in in a large sense.
I guess for the clarity act if if
nothing else which seems to be kind of
kind of driving dragging its feet a
little bit a little bit.
So yeah, I mean we are in this and and
some of the other things that we're
going to talk about today and I know
we're going to talk about SpaceX IPO and
things like that. We're also going to
talk about AI and
kind of you know, there are two big
reasons why
no one really cares about crypto at the
moment and I was I was writing a piece
for for our
Discord followers earlier today
saying that you know, I guess now that
we're moving into the stage where if you
want to hold a digital asset
it doesn't necessarily need to be a
cryptocurrency anymore. It can be you
know, in in the sense that we understand
them in the old sense. It can be
something like tokenized SpaceX stock.
And you're increased you know you're
Coinbase has just rolled out um
uh I think they called it a system
update with more support for tokenized
stocks and things like that. You're also
going to be able you're increasingly
able to if you hold a tokenized stock
you can actually get the dividends from
that. You know dividends are start are
being paid out in stable coins and
things like that or just reinvested into
more stock. But my
my point is that I think the line
between
uh what you know cryptocurrencies as we
know them and sorry the line between
actual stocks and tokenized stocks is
becoming more and more blurred. So if
you in the not too distant future pretty
much whatever crypto exchange you use
whatever platform you use
you'll be able to hold Bitcoin
altcoins if that's what you want to do
stablecoins but also your token your
talk stock portfolio in tokenized form.
Um where does that leave things like
altcoins? Not in a very good place
really. Um there are a handful out there
that with utility that actually do
something but it it ain't most of them.
So
I think this is the big this is one of
the things that crypto is struggling
with at the moment. You know there are
more exciting things out there digital
assets no longer just mean
cryptocurrencies.
Um so there's there's that and I think
that's really important. And then you
know you've also got the fact that there
are also unfortunately crypto still has
some very powerful enemies despite um
despite the lobbying efforts and you
know the lobbying power in Washington
D.C. that is trying to get the Clarity
Act over the line.
Elsewhere I mean Europe has Europe's
MiCA regulations are coming into force
now. Um if you can share my screen I
mean I saw this tweet just uh
you know recently. Um
you might have seen this that Binance
got shut out of um got shut out of
Greece. Apparently this has come This
has come from not from Greece's
regulator, but from the European Central
Bank, from the head of the European
Central Bank, no less.
And what that says to me is that
there are still big institutions out
there, powerful people, powerful
entities who want nothing to do with
crypto, or who want to push back against
it as hard as they possibly can. And for
me, that is that is very concerning
because we have an image problem that
we've talked about many times, but we
also are we also have
you know, problems of legitimacy, if you
like, or problems of getting
legitimacy from regulators
and other and other entities. So,
what does that mean for the rest of the
year? I kind of think probably more of
where we are now. If the Clarity Act
gets passed, I can see a lift in the
market. And obviously, you know, if
we're talking about Bitcoin in
particular,
Bitcoin seems to be moving with stocks
at the moment. It seems to be reacting
to headlines around Iran and things like
that in in the same way.
Um
so, I can see Bitcoin kind of tracking
the the the S&P 500 more closely.
Um but for the rest of the crypto
market, I think it's going to be I think
it's going to be pretty tough, even with
the Clarity Act passing.
>> Yeah, I mean, the Clarity Act has been
about to pass for like
8 months.
I I still distinctly remember us sitting
here in November
talking about the talking about the bear
market and being like, "Look, one of one
of the narratives for it that people
give is just the Clarity Act won't pass
in January like people think it's going
to." And and now it's you know, it's
mid-June and it still hasn't. Now,
eventually it probably will, uh but who
knows when that'll be. Um
it timing is is difficult with this
stuff, you know, and politics is is
challenging to sort of nail down exactly
how it's going to play out. Rob, what do
you think? I mean
Uh,
where what are you seeing here in in the
in the crypto markets?
>> Uh, I think uh, guy just said it all
right there. I don't really want to
really delve into too much. I mean, he's
right and you're right. Clarity Act is a
big problem. I think right now, one
thing I would say is 'tis the season.
Cuz if we go back 4 years, this is
exactly the kind of negativity, not the
exact, but negativity in June 2022. And
guess what? We had a nice little
collapse of Voyager and Celsius. And
guess what? We got a lot of fud fud
going on with sailor,
macroeconomics,
quantum computing,
and passing of Clarity Act. So, 'tis the
season. I'll see you guys in October.
>> [laughter]
>> All right, guys. We're going to wrap it
up. I'm just
>> That's it?
>> Didn't I see that
>> Um, all right.
Well, on that very positive note,
let
>> [laughter]
>> Let's continue on in the more exciting
stuff. I mean, cuz look,
there's always a bull market somewhere
and it's not always in crypto as as
everyone should know at this point. If
you don't know it at this point, then I
don't know what to tell you.
Um,
next question I have is is what are your
thoughts about AI? Like I mean,
part of AI it it sort of promises all
these productivity gains and I mean, to
be completely honest, like I've noticed
some of the productivity gains for
myself. Because have you seen like the
like my how my thumbnails went from like
>> Yeah, yeah, thumbnails.
>> like seventh grade thumbnails to you
know, like something a little bit
better.
Um,
that wasn't me, right? It was it was my
best [laughter] friend
over in the AI world. So, uh, what do
you what do you guys think? I mean, will
AI deliver all these productivity gains
or will there be kind of like a period
between when people think those
productivity gains are going to be
delivered and when they're actually
going to be delivered. Rob, what do you
think?
>> Well, well first of all, before before
we go on, I just want to remind
everybody that the bear markets are
actually good times. This is the time to
accumulate. This is where I made all of
my money. It wasn't when we had a
blow-off top in 2021 or 2025. It was
when it was in the bear market and
everything was down. Having said that,
as far as like with with AI and uh the
ability to do do things,
it's
done pretty well. And I will just say
like like this, like with uh
with AI, it's like I'm old enough to
remember before, you know,
uh you had home computers that were a
big thing, before the internet. And I
can tell you when new technology came
out, people thought it would go in a
certain direction and went another
direction.
And I can just tell you like I know
there's a lot of people who say like
first of all, we're getting shoved down
our throats this narrative that AI is
going to take all the jobs and it's
going to be awful.
And that's from the head of Anthropic,
that's from OpenAI, that's from pretty
much all the big AI places. But now
we're seeing that guess what? AI isn't
as great as we thought it was and we
actually still need people in the middle
and developers to actually do the
things. I personally believe that AI
isn't here to take the jobs. AI is here
to supercharge your employees and your
people and even if you're an owner, to
make you better, faster and have more
revenue. And I think that's that's the
whole play. And then for me like uh then
throw up my That's a really does doesn't
That's right. Throw up my my website. So
like for me, people say, "Well, what's
the
what is the advantages of of AI besides
using it as like a super Google?"
So, here's what we're doing.
Did you know that anybody who has a
website, I don't care who you are or
what you're doing, you know now websites
are essentially free?
Dan teaches crypto.
Amigos de los animales, the nonprofit
that we work with in Puerto Rico,
our property one for direct bookings is
outside of Airbnb and VRBO.
These are all essentially And of course,
one of the ones we just put in, it's a
rent tracker for all our different
properties that we have here in El Paso,
Texas.
And for this one, what we did is all you
got to do, I'll show I'll tell you how
to use it. You go get Claude, you pay 20
bucks a month, you use Claude code, you
use Firebase,
and you use Google Cloud. And
essentially that essentially makes
everything that you have and everything
you need for your websites essentially
free. You might get charged like a
dollar depending if you have like 10,000
or more visitors per month. And if you
do, congratulations. So we did all those
things and wiped out all the different
payments. I was paying over 2,500 bucks
a year for Dan teaches crypto.
Now I'm paying roughly a dollar per
month.
And also, on top of that, I will say
like the different things that we can do
with it. Check this out. This is on my
second channel. What we did with Amigos
is cuz it's a nonprofit,
we said,
"Instead of us doing and dedicating so
much time to social media and trying to
get
uh adoptions and trying to get um
revenue and donations, what's a what's
an alternative for us?" And Claude said,
"Here's what you need to do, genius. You
need to actually start writing grants."
I said, "Okay, well, write me a grant
and find all the different grants that
are out there." And it found me 25. And
from there, I connected Google Chrome
and I connected my Google Drive. Watch
this.
This is Claude right now filling out
this form on the website through a
Chrome tab.
And it's finding out all the information
because it already knows everything that
we're doing with the with the animal
shelter. So I'm able to do this, not
just me, but I'm able to free up all the
time for all the people that work at
Amigos. And they're able to go do the
things they need to do instead of doing
this, and I can get money funds from
them. On top of that, there's also this
thing for websites called uh an email
auto responder. I used to pay 20, you
know, 2,100 bucks for this per year.
And now, because of which one am I
using? That's not it.
Uh, I'm using one called Sendy
and an integration through Claude. And
now, guess it cost me six bucks a month.
The reason why I'm able to do this, and
I asked Claude this exact question,
like, how am I able to do this or why
aren't more people doing this? They
said, because if you did this with a
developer, you'd have to have a whole
team, you'd have to outsource it. And
guess what? As time goes on, you're
going to be paying a lot of money.
But now, I'm your developer. And I can
help you out with this. And I can
troubleshoot. It's just as easy as doing
just doing a prompt and going, "Hey, for
this website, I want you to change
uh, how we do incoming invoices. And I
need you to put in there for like a
transfer of some from one apartment to
another to be able to balance out the
profit and losses." And it will just do
it. Instead of you having to rely on an
app that's already been pre-built and
you can't change it.
So, there's that, there's that, there's
that. And lastly, I know I'm rambling
on.
This is, uh, one of the businesses we're
working with.
A local doctor who does ozone therapy
and peptides, and he started his own
YouTube channel. So, at first, I said,
"Let's let's go with this thumbnail." I
took it from from Ben's playbook. And
then, when we did this, we only got like
three views cuz it's a brand new
channel.
And then, what we did is we changed it
to this out of the recommendations of
Claude
and changed up the title and the
description and the format. And before
you knew it,
now you got 4,200
4,200
uh, views in 2 days
because of the changes that we did.
These are the things that I I think
makes
uh, AI great. And it's just about how
you use it. It's not about building an
app that no one needs because there's
there's all those there's just too many
of those. It's actually doing the things
in a business that makes sense for you.
There used to be a thing a thing called
software as a service, that's dead.
I think it's self software as a service,
and that's the new thing. I was going to
call it
independent software as a service, but
the mnemonic didn't sound too good. It
would sound like ISIS, so I said no.
Let's do self software as a service.
>> [sighs]
>> I mean,
it sounds like you got the whole AI
stuff figured out, man. I'm just
here doing thumbnails.
>> Yeah, no. And you know what's crazy is
that as much as I just showed you, I
still feel overwhelmed every single day
with the things that are I'm I'm
learning and trying to understand.
And that's that's the crazy part.
>> Yeah. What about [clears throat] you,
Guy? Are you
you got eight different businesses
you're running too with AI?
>> [laughter]
>> I'm I'm happy to say no, but no, but it
has made me yeah, it has made me more
productive. It has made helped me get
more done. And
you know, that's that's enabled me to
use the time that I saved sort of more
wisely, I think. And that that I hope is
is where it is where it ends up. People
are able to work more efficiently and
for fewer hours every day and are able
to spend those hours doing something
genuinely
soul enriching, you know, spending time
with loved ones or going outside, you
know, things like that. But yeah, I
mean, in terms of in terms of your
original question, Ben, I think we are
seeing those productivity gains on an
individual level. Whether they manifest
themselves on a societal level, I think
is a lot
is a lot less clear. And I think the big
threat or the people most at risk from
this are are younger people who
you know, let's face it, although it was
pretty miserable, I remember doing
crappy jobs when I was when I was young.
You know, crappy sort of repetitive But
you know, unfortunately, that was that
was just the the way it was. That was a
rite of passage. And hopefully, you
know, AI can create amazing jobs for
young people to do that are far more
rewarding and far more creative and what
have you, but you know,
if they take away a lot of the jobs that
maybe an intern would have done in the
past, then how do we get young people
into the workforce so as they can
eventually move up the ladder and
replace, you know, replace all the older
people when when when we retire. So, I
think there is I think there is genuine
concern around AI for that reason from a
young people's from young people's
perspectives. And it's interesting,
isn't it? If you I don't know if you saw
when Eric Schmidt, the the CEO of
Google, gave a a graduation speech a few
months ago.
And he mentioned AI and he was booed.
And apparently, this has been happening
a lot. Whenever these whenever these
speeches have been given, as soon as
those two as soon as AI is mentioned,
people are booing. So, I think although
all three of us seem to get a lot from
it and, you know, I Rob, you're
obviously very bullish on it, as am I,
and I think it can be wonderful. But
again, a bit like crypto, we've got to
remember that there are people out there
who hate it and are afraid of it and
you know, don't want it in their lives
or want to see it dialed back or
regulated out of existence or whatever
that may be. So, it's not going to be a
smooth sailing. And the one thing I'll
say to finish to finish my point is that
I think at the moment we're all enjoying
the kind of subsidized token model,
aren't we? So, I can, you know, log on
to Claude
and off we go and it does all this great
stuff. That is not going to last
because, you know, we've seen big
companies, Microsoft, uh Uber, etc.,
burn through their token allocations
very quickly. And sooner or later,
it is not going to be quite the sort of
okay, we are paying for it now for the
certainly for the premium versions.
But I think we are going to look back on
this time
not in, you know, in the fairly near
future and go, "Wow, that was great. You
know, I could just use Claude all day
long to do whatever I liked." And
it I think that's going to change
because these companies are going to
have to start making some making some
proper revenue. And
you know, in order to justify these
massive IPOs that they're doing. So,
I think enjoy it while it lasts.
>> Yeah, things are going to go my way.
>> Um well, I I just think it's the best
thing for the thumbnails, but
>> [laughter]
>> You're so easily pleased, Ben.
>> Well, yeah. I mean, they're all
>> That's all he wanted.
>> Yeah, but have you seen those
thumbnails? They're really good
thumbnails.
>> they are great.
>> They're really good.
>> They are great.
>> I I mean, how can I can't I can't beat
those.
I always I always used to get people
like every week someone would reach out
and be like, "Hey, I've seen your
channel, but your thumbnails suck. I can
make you thumbnails if you want for a
price." And I was like, "No, I don't I
don't want to deal with all that stuff."
But now, it's like I just ask
AI to do it and it just does it so
quickly. Part of the reason I don't like
it is cuz I like to just make a video
and then publish it immediately. I don't
like to like send it off to someone and
then like wait a day. Like I just don't
like all that stuff. So, the AI stuff is
is it works with my workflow. You know,
it works with it. Um
all right. SpaceX IPO. Is is
is SpaceX going to the moon?
Uh
metaphorically and not metaphorically?
Rob, what do you think?
>> Uh I watched your video on this actually
and I agree with you. You shouldn't bet
against Elon. The thing is though, it
and and we've seen it go from I think it
would start at 130, but then really
people got into it around 150. Then it
went I think I think it all-time high
was like 220. So, in the initial parts,
it's just like
this is why I think everybody should
start in crypto to invest a little bit
because you can deal with the
volatilities. It's like trial by fire.
So, when you come over here to the
traditional markets you're like, "Eh,
20%. What the hell is that?" So, like
with with this IPO, it's going to I
mean, we see a little bit of a reduction
yesterday, but not too much. But again,
I remember, if you've been through ICOs,
you know how it works as far as like
with cliffs and unlocks.
And you know that for this one, right
now there's like less than 5% of a
float. And we've got until August 11th
until that first wave comes in when they
unlock 20% plus. So, it goes August
11th, and I think it's August 16th, and
so on and so forth. So, right now it's
like, have fun, have at it. But just be
reminded that when August comes around,
you're probably going to get dumped on.
But that's okay, because the people that
are patient, again, like like Ben said,
there's a there's a bull market
somewhere. Just start accumulating if
you want to.
>> I remember I remember when the Tesla IPO
launched, and it like rallied 60%.
And you know what's funny is the Tesla
IPO launched in June of a midterm year,
just like the SpaceX IPO.
>> Hmm.
>> Um
and and when it launched,
uh Tesla stock rallied 60%, and then it
crashed back down to a slightly below
where it where it launched at. And I was
looking into this. Um I believe it's
something like 90% of IPOs
will eventually trade below their IPO
price. Like on the on the the date of
the launch. 90% of them will. So, I just
keep that in mind. I mean, you know, I I
don't think it makes sense to go against
Elon Musk long-term, but there can be
certainly a lot of volatility when you
have these major IPO launches, cuz
essentially they they serve as like
massive liquidity. Uh they they sort of
like drain a ton of liquidity very very
quickly, and then,
you know,
that hype wears off, and then you have
more of like a realistic valuation of a
company. Um Guy, what are your thoughts
about the SpaceX IPO?
>> Yeah, um I I agree with everything you
guys have said. I think the numbers are
insane, you know, 130X revenue. I think
they estimated that the the total
addressable market at 28 trillion
dollars or something. Um all all based
on, you know, some pretty some pretty
optimistic predictions. I think there
will be a good time to buy to buy
SpaceX. I don't think it's now. I think
I agree. I think it will probably take a
dip when the enthusiasm cools off and
people are like, "Oh god, can we, you
know,
are these numbers really justifiable?"
But I do think it will be seen as a
historic moment, whatever happens,
because I think this is even if SpaceX
ends up crashing and burning, um pun
intended, I think, you know, this is
probably this is a real tangible step
towards humanity becoming a
multi-planetary
civilization. And I I think that that's
what kind of really excited me. It's
like we have a company an IPO for a
company
that is operating in space, or, you
know, largely in space. I think that's
amazing. Um the only the only caveat
I'll the only other caveat I'll give is
that, um
uh I think it's really interesting, you
know, they're talking about building
data centers in space. Can you Can you
um share my um Am I sharing my screen at
the moment?
>> I don't see anything.
>> Oh, no, hang on.
Um can you share this this tab that I
put up?
Data centers in space? China's putting
them underwater.
Um which I thought was very interesting,
cuz apparently a huge amount of the of
the energy data centers data centers
consume is uh pumping water around to
keep them cool. Obviously, if you do
them underwater and it's uh powered by
the wind wind-powered and tidal-powered,
I think, as well. So, that made me a
little sort of Yeah.
Are you Do you want to build them in
space or maybe just pop them underwater?
But anyway, uh yeah, I think SpaceX is
is is incredible, and I think there will
be a a genuinely good entry on it. Um
yeah, maybe as maybe as soon as August
when all those insiders and uh what have
you start dumping, but all those unlocks
hit, but um yeah, I'm not buying it now,
but I'm certainly eyeing it up for the
long term.
>> This is a fair point. I I mentioned this
as well. It's like it's not exactly
Tesla. Like it's trading I think that
many orders of magnitude what Tesla was
trading at large.
Um but what's interesting is when Tesla
launched, Tesla rallied 60% and when
SpaceX launched, it still despite the
egregious valuation, it still rallied
like what, 50% from the open? Um
>> Yeah.
>> And I I mean like I get that people say
that yeah, it's it's a different market
cap, different valuation. It's true. It
still rallied nearly the same that Tesla
did upon launch. Um just kind of crazy
to think about. Um all right, very very
quickly, I think this one probably will
be focused more at Guy since I think he
is
watches this stuff a little bit more.
Uh FOMC, Kevin Warsh, what were your
thoughts?
Give me the uh the 60-second version.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, well, I think um this is
definitely regime change at the Fed. I
thought it was really interesting that
he um is is throwing forward guidance
out of the window. He doesn't like
forward guidance. He doesn't believe in
it. Um I thought it was very interesting
that he didn't give his dot plot call.
Um and it was so he was leaning hawkish,
that's for sure. Um and yeah, I mean but
it's it was hard to tell exactly how
hawkish or dovish he really is and I
think he's going to keep his cards
fairly close to his chest on that one.
The dot plot, I think it was 50/50
higher rates by end of year according to
according to Fed officials.
Um and I guess, you know, the market
reaction
was sort of like, well, we're not really
used to this. I guess Kevin Warsh and
and his style and his approach to it and
his um
you know, um
not like dislike of forward guidance.
I think that is going to, you know, it's
going to send different signals. It's
going to be a bit harder for the markets
to digest. So, it is very much a new
regime. Um they are still very much
focused on inflation and I think, yeah,
rate rate hikes before the end of the
year, I think are still more likely than
not, personally.
>> I feel like every for like several of
the questions, his responses were just
there's a task force for that. So, it
felt like it felt like you You know, I
watched the whole thing. I have no idea
what his views are on on the Like I
literally don't I have no idea. Like he
And I I mean, I think that was by
design.
Um
but yeah, he wouldn't he wouldn't give
any he wouldn't throw anyone a bone on
any of those questions. All right, final
question, most important question, who
do you have winning the World Cup?
Rob?
>> That's soccer, right?
>> That is soccer. Or as Or as we say in in
Europe, football.
>> Look, I Well, I
Yeah. This This is what I'll say.
Uh I've I I quit X for a while cuz it's
just too much of a time suck. The one
thing I was enjoying was all the
Europeans and people from other
countries coming into America for the
World Cup and talking about how great
America was. Besides that,
uh I have no idea. I'll I'll I'll kick
this one also to Guy.
>> I I just don't understand how it's
possible that there are people that do
not watch the World Cup. Like I my brain
My brain
>> I don't want to fall asleep.
>> Like I I'm watching it, my kids are
watching it, and then to find out there
are people out there that don't watch
it.
>> Oh, soccer.
>> I don't know, man.
>> Yeah, I don't know.
>> Guy, can you Do you Do you at least
watch it?
>> I I didn't Well, I was I was
contemplating watching the England match
last night. Um but here in the UAE,
because the because the matches are
starting quite late over in the
>> I don't want to hear any
I see. I watched I watched you.
>> way past my bedtime.
>> Exactly.
Me and Guy are old. Give us a break. Our
back hurts.
>> I've watched the highlights. If we get
to uh if get sort of out of the group, I
might start having some late nights to
go and watch it, but I have been sort of
following it. In terms of In terms of
winners,
I've got an outside call for you, all
right? Because,
you know, football, in order to you
know, in order to win a tournament like
this, a team has to be able to absorb a
lot of pressure. It has to be able to
take a real pounding. They have to be
able to sort of stand up stand up to the
big boys, to the big teams, and they
have to be able to snatch victory from
the jaws of defeat. And so, for that
reason, I think Iran is going to win.
>> Wow.
Wow. Holly market, here I come.
>> [laughter]
>> Because they've done it They've already
done it once. So, you know, I bet
they're looking strong. They're looking
resilient. So, Iran is my outside bet.
>> I just want you to know that my kids
watched the UK play, and you didn't even
watch them
>> [laughter]
>> So, I just want you to think about that.
And Yeah.
>> I will I will I will sit on that for a
bit, Ben. I'll take a long, hard look at
myself.
>> Yeah.
>> Were they I hope they I hope they were
supporting England
and not Croatia.
>> Yeah. Well, what they do is they always
just ask me to like, "Dad, who are you
pulling for?" And then I tell them who
I'm pulling for, and then they just pull
for the same team.
>> Okay.
>> Well, make sure you Make sure you pull
for England, Ben.
>> I I don't mind if As they say over there
that they're It's coming home. Is that
what they say?
>> [laughter]
>> Yes, it it it is. It is. It's There's
some irony in that in that it hasn't
come home since 1966, but, you know, one
day.
>> Yeah. Well,
>> It's It's coming home eventually.
>> I have decided to take on the permable
cheerleader
um persona as it comes to World Cup, and
I'm pulling for the USA. So, I don't
want to hear the fud. I don't want to
hear any of that stuff. Get [laughter]
it out of here.
USA all the way.
>> I I just hope for your sake Ben you guys
don't have to face Iran.
That'll be
you know that'll be a tough tough match
for you guys.
>> I went to the I went to the world one of
the World Cup warm-up matches where they
played
Senegal.
>> Oh yeah.
>> So
I kind of want to go to another another
game but
I will see. See USA guys you got to get
on the bandwagon now before it's too
late.
>> Yeah and and look you know USA if if if
the USA gets dumped out then you have to
switch your allegiance to England
assuming England are still in it. Okay?
That's that's the condition.
You know it because like we go way back.
It's only fair and and
>> We do go way back. That's right. Sorry
about that little skirmish we had.
Yeah.
>> You know we live in an age
it's an age
where you can't even
>> We live in an age where you can't even
believe everything you see on TV. So
even if the US were to lose couldn't we
just say they won and people will
believe it?
>> Depends well that's what we're doing
right now.
>> Just just close the airports and don't
let anyone leave until
until they have another look at the
result.
>> [laughter]
>> All right guys we're going to wrap it
up. Those are those are our thoughts.
The World Cup is most important thing. I
would recommend everyone goes and
watches the World Cup cuz it's the best
event this year by far.
Um and if you I think next week we'll be
on Rob's channel and
week after that on Guy's. Links to their
channels are in the description below.
Make sure you guys check that out and we
will see you next time. All right.
>> Bye everybody.
>> Bye-bye.